README.md, before:

# Fynical - Financial Calculator App

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Android-green.svg)](https://www.android.com/)
[![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Kotlin-orange.svg)](https://kotlinlang.org/)

Fynical is a comprehensive financial calculator app designed to simplify complex financial calculations. Whether you're planning a loan, managing investments, calculating taxes, or converting currencies, Fynical has you covered.

## 🎯 Features

### 📊 Comprehensive Calculators
- **EMI Calculator** - Calculate loan EMIs with detailed amortization schedules
- **Fixed Deposit (FD) Calculator** - Plan your FD investments
- **Recurring Deposit (RD) Calculator** - Calculate RD maturity amounts
- **SIP Calculator** - Systematic Investment Plan calculations
- **PPF Calculator** - Public Provident Fund planning
- **Simple & Compound Interest Calculators**
- **Lumpsum Investment Calculator**
- **Inflation Calculator**
- **Atal Pension Yojana (APY) Calculator** - With latest 2026 rules

### 💰 Loan Management Tools
- Advanced EMI Calculator with prepayment options
- Loan Eligibility Calculator
- Loan Comparison Tool
- Prepayment Calculator
- ROI Change Impact Calculator
- Moratorium Calculator
- Loan Profile Manager

### 📈 Tax & Pricing Tools
- **GST Calculator** (CGST, SGST, IGST)
- **VAT Calculator**
- **Income Tax Calculator** (India)
- Discount Calculator

### 🌍 Utilities
- Currency Converter with live exchange rates
- Amount to Words Converter
- Denomination Manager for cash management
- Scientific Calculator
- Simple Calculator

### ✨ Additional Features
- Export results as PDF or PNG
- Share calculations easily
- Dark mode support
- Clean, modern Material Design 3 UI
- All formulas verified as per 2026 banking standards
- 100% privacy - No data collection

## 📱 Screenshots

<!-- Add screenshots here -->

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Language:** Kotlin
- **UI Framework:** Jetpack Compose
- **Architecture:** MVVM
- **Minimum SDK:** 24 (Android 7.0)
- **Target SDK:** 36 (Android 16)
- **Build System:** Gradle

## 📦 Dependencies

### Core
- AndroidX Core KTX
- Jetpack Compose
- Material Design 3
- Navigation Compose
- DataStore Preferences

### Networking
- Retrofit 3.0.0
- OkHttp 5.3.2
- Gson 2.13.2

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Android Studio Hedgehog (2023.1.1) or later
- JDK 8 or higher
- Android SDK 24 or higher

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/KholhangConnect/Fynical-App.git
cd Fynical-App
```

2. Open the project in Android Studio

3. Sync Gradle files

4. Run the app on an emulator or physical device

### Building

#### Debug APK
```bash
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

#### Release AAB (for Play Store)
```bash
./gradlew bundleRelease
```

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👤 Author

**Kholhang Connect**
- Email: kholhangconnect@gmail.com
- GitHub: [@KholhangConnect](https://github.com/KholhangConnect)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/KholhangConnect/Fynical-App/issues).

## 📝 Privacy Policy

Our privacy policy is available at: [Privacy Policy](https://kholhangconnect.github.io/Fynical-App/)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Material Design 3 for UI components
- All formulas verified as per 2026 banking standards
- Built with ❤️ using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose

---

**Made with ❤️ by Kholhang Connect**

Commit message:

Cleanup: Remove unused files and consolidate documentation
- Removed redundant documentation files
- Removed empty screenshots folder and HTML mockups
- Removed duplicate build scripts
- Updated .gitignore to exclude build artifacts
- Cleaned up README.md
- Consolidated documentation structure

README.md, after:

# Fynical - Financial Calculator App

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Android-green.svg)](https://www.android.com/)
[![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Kotlin-orange.svg)](https://kotlinlang.org/)

Fynical is a comprehensive financial calculator app designed to simplify complex financial calculations. Whether you're planning a loan, managing investments, calculating taxes, or converting currencies, Fynical has you covered.

## 🎯 Features

### 📊 Comprehensive Calculators
- **EMI Calculator** - Calculate loan EMIs with detailed amortization schedules
- **Fixed Deposit (FD) Calculator** - Plan your FD investments
- **Recurring Deposit (RD) Calculator** - Calculate RD maturity amounts
- **SIP Calculator** - Systematic Investment Plan calculations
- **PPF Calculator** - Public Provident Fund planning
- **Simple & Compound Interest Calculators**
- **Lumpsum Investment Calculator**
- **Inflation Calculator**
- **Atal Pension Yojana (APY) Calculator** - With latest 2026 rules

### 💰 Loan Management Tools
- Advanced EMI Calculator with prepayment options
- Loan Eligibility Calculator
- Loan Comparison Tool
- Prepayment Calculator
- ROI Change Impact Calculator
- Moratorium Calculator
- Loan Profile Manager

### 📈 Tax & Pricing Tools
- **GST Calculator** (CGST, SGST, IGST)
- **VAT Calculator**
- **Income Tax Calculator** (India)
- Discount Calculator

### 🌍 Utilities
- Currency Converter with live exchange rates
- Amount to Words Converter
- Denomination Manager for cash management
- Scientific Calculator
- Simple Calculator

### ✨ Additional Features
- Export results as PDF or PNG
- Share calculations easily
- Dark mode support
- Clean, modern Material Design 3 UI
- All formulas verified as per 2026 banking standards
- 100% privacy - No data collection

## 📱 Screenshots

Screenshots will be added soon. See `SCREENSHOT_GUIDE.md` for requirements.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Language:** Kotlin
- **UI Framework:** Jetpack Compose
- **Architecture:** MVVM
- **Minimum SDK:** 24 (Android 7.0)
- **Target SDK:** 36 (Android 16)
- **Build System:** Gradle

## 📦 Dependencies

### Core
- AndroidX Core KTX
- Jetpack Compose
- Material Design 3
- Navigation Compose
- DataStore Preferences

### Networking
- Retrofit 3.0.0
- OkHttp 5.3.2
- Gson 2.13.2

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Android Studio Hedgehog (2023.1.1) or later
- JDK 8 or higher
- Android SDK 24 or higher

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/KholhangConnect/Fynical-App.git
cd Fynical-App
```

2. Open the project in Android Studio

3. Sync Gradle files

4. Run the app on an emulator or physical device

### Building

#### Debug APK
```bash
./gradlew assembleDebug
```

#### Release AAB (for Play Store)
```bash
./gradlew bundleRelease
```

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👤 Author

**Kholhang Connect**
- Email: kholhangconnect@gmail.com
- GitHub: [@KholhangConnect](https://github.com/KholhangConnect)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/KholhangConnect/Fynical-App/issues).

## 📝 Privacy Policy

Our privacy policy is available at: [Privacy Policy](https://kholhangconnect.github.io/Fynical-App/)

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Material Design 3 for UI components
- All formulas verified as per 2026 banking standards
- Built with ❤️ using Kotlin and Jetpack Compose

---

**Made with ❤️ by Kholhang Connect**
